# Meeting
- Location: Geisel 2w
- Time: 1:50 pm to 3:20 om

## Attendance
- Advaith
- Ned
- David
- Po-cheng
- Minyang
- Jaewon

## Absent
- Jim (D1 Volleyball)
- Aarav (Midterm)
- Slater (Unknown)
- Patric (Midterm)

## Agenda
- Implement CI/CD pipeline
- Start writing template html and css files for repetitive design
- Write out issues in a google doc (for Advaith, Ned, Po-cheng)

## Meeting Recap
- Advaith
  - Starting Writing Github Issues
  - Assigned CI/CD Pipleine Tasks
  - Helped Debug CI/CD Pipeline
- Po-cheng and Minyang
  - Implmenteed Junit github Action
  - Starting writing HTML code for repetitive desigb
- David
  - Implemented JSDoc Action
- Jaewon
  - Implemented Linitng with Prettier Action
- Ned
  - Wrote out issues with Advaith in a Google Doc
  - Helped Minyang and Po-cheng with HTML code

## TODO
- Advaith
  - Debug Linting and JSDoc Action over the weekend
  - Submit CI/CD pipeline Assignement
  - Assign Issues with Ned starting Monday (May 13th, 2024) 
